Add auto generated tfchain types to tfchain_client (#3020)
threefoldtech/tfgrid-sdk-ts: packages/tfchain_client/docs/generateTypes.md

- Generate types from the chain using `polkadot-types-from-chain`
  ```bash
   ts-node --skip-project node_modules/.bin/polkadot-types-from-chain --endpoint ./chainMeta.json --output ./src/interfaces/chain
  ```

Now types are generated, but we need to let the compiler aware of the generated types, we can do that by add the following paths to `tsconfig-*.json` inside compilerOptions.paths add those lines:

```json
 "@polkadot/types/lookup": ["src/interfaces/chain/types-lookup.ts"],
 "@polkadot/api-augment*": ["src/interfaces/chain/augment-api.ts"]
```

Finally we need to export the generated types
in `src/interfaces/index.ts`

```ts
export * from "./chain/augment-api";
export * from "./chain/types-lookup";
export * from "./chain/lookup";
```

### Usage

We need to import the augmented definitions "somewhere" as documentation says, in our case we will import them in `src/client`.

```ts
import "./interfaces";
import "@polkadot/api-augment";
```

Now we can import any type anywhere in the client as follows:

```ts
// e.g SpRuntimeModuleError
import { SpRuntimeModuleError } from "@polkadot/types/lookup";
```

There are two blockers now from building the project:

> 1. As we din't have any defined types `src/interfaces/chain/types` is empty and will gives an error while build, for now we just need to export an empty object on it so we add `export {}` to the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. As we don't have any defined types `src/interfaces/chain/types` is empty and will give an error while build, for now we just need to export an empty object on it so we add `export {}` to the file.
```
